Added a snippets section, with some snippets (#2)
AssemblyScript/website: src/snippets.md

# Snippets

Snippets are small, copy-pastable AssemblyScript examples meant to show off common syntax and patterns when writing AssemblyScript.

## Class

> A snippet on using Classes in AssemblyScript, and assigning instance vs. static properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An AssemblyScript snippet on using Classes, their instantiation, and their static properties.
```

class Animal<T> {
  static ONE: i32 = 1;
  static add(a: i32, b: i32): i32 { return a + b + Animal.ONE; }

  two: i16 = 2; // 6
  instanceSub<T>(a: T, b: T): T { return a - b + <T>Animal.ONE; } // tsc does not allow this
}

export function staticOne(): i32 {
  return Animal.ONE;
}

export function staticAdd(a: i32, b: i32): i32 {
  return Animal.add(a, b);
}

export function instanceTwo(): i32 {
  let animal = new Animal<i32>();
  return animal.two;
}

export function instanceSub(a: f32, b: f32): f32 {
  let animal = new Animal<f32>();
  return animal.instanceSub<f32>(a, b);
}

#!html
<script>
const log = console.log;
console.log = (...args) => {
  log(...args);
  let str = '';
  args.forEach(arg => {
    if (typeof arg == 'object') {
      str += `${JSON.stringify(arg, null, 2)}<br/>`;
    } else {
      str += `${arg}<br/>`;
    }
  });
  document.body.innerHTML += `<div>Log: ${str}</div>`;
}

loader.instantiate(module_wasm, { /* imports */ })
  .then(({ exports }) => {
    console.log(exports.staticOne());
    console.log(exports.staticAdd(1, 2));
    console.log(exports.instanceTwo());
    console.log(exports.instanceSub(3.0, 1.0));
  })
</script>
```

## Extending Classes

> Extending classes, and general Object Orientated Programming (OOP) in AssemblyScript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extending classes and general Object Orientated Programming (OOP) in AssemblyScript
```

```editor
#!runtime=full

class BaseClass {
  static staticProp: i32 = 24;
  instanceProp: i32;

  constructor(value: i32) {
    this.instanceProp = value;
  }

  add(a: i32, b: i32): i32 {
    return a + b;
  }
}

class ExtendedClass extends BaseClass {

  extendedProp: i32;

  constructor(extendedValue: i32) {
    super(1);

    this.extendedProp = extendedValue;
  }

  add(a: i32): i32 {
    return super.add(a, this.extendedProp + super.instanceProp);
  }
}

export function getStaticProp(): i32 {
  return ExtendedClass.staticProp;
}

export function overloadAdd(value: i32): i32 {
  let extendedClass = new ExtendedClass(value);
  return extendedClass.add(24);
}

#!html
<script>
const log = console.log;
console.log = (...args) => {
  log(...args);
  let str = '';
  args.forEach(arg => {

>     if (typeof arg == 'object') {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    if (typeof arg === 'object') {
```

      str += `${JSON.stringify(arg, null, 2)}<br/>`;
    } else {
      str += `${arg}<br/>`;
    }
  });
  document.body.innerHTML += `<div>Log: ${str}</div>`;
}

> loader.instantiate(module_wasm, { /* imports */ })

Reviewer: Same as https://github.com/AssemblyScript/website/pull/2/files#r464214621?

.then(({ exports }) => {
  console.log(`getStaticProp: ${exports.getStaticProp()}`);
  console.log(`overloadAdd: ${exports.overloadAdd(24)}`);
})
</script>
```

## Handling Null

> Handling Null as a union type for optional return values, and simulating try/catch for errors in AssemblyScript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Handling Null as a union type for optional return values and simulating `try/catch` for errors in AssemblyScript
```

```editor
#!runtime=full
class MyValue {
  value: i32;

  constructor(value: i32) {
    this.value = value;
  }
}

// Using a class type here, as some types are not nullable
function getMyValue(isAble: boolean): MyValue | null {
  let myValue = new MyValue(24);
  if (isAble) {
    return myValue;
  } else {
    return null;
  }
}

export function positiveAddWithMyValue(a: i32): i32 {
  let myValue = getMyValue(a > 0);
  if (myValue == null) {
    return -1;
  } else {
    return a + myValue.value;
  }
}

#!html
<script>
const log = console.log;
console.log = (...args) => {
  log(...args);
  let str = '';
  args.forEach(arg => {
    if (typeof arg == 'object') {
      str += `${JSON.stringify(arg, null, 2)}<br/>`;
    } else {
      str += `${arg}<br/>`;
    }
  });
  document.body.innerHTML += `<div>Log: ${str}</div>`;
}

> loader.instantiate(module_wasm, { /* imports */ })

Reviewer: Adding an example instead of `/* imports */`?

.then(({ exports }) => {
  if(exports.positiveAddWithMyValue(24) > -1) {
    console.log("Add was successful")
  } else {
    console.log("Could not add 24");
  }

  if(exports.positiveAddWithMyValue(-1) > -1) {
  console.log("Add was successful")
  } else {
  console.log("Could not add -1");
  }
});
</script>
```

> ## Switch
> 
> Using `switch` statements in AssemblyScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Switch Case

Using `switch case` statements in AssemblyScript.
```

> **NOTE:** Switch conditions currently implicitly convert to u32, i.e. switching over strings or similar is not yet supported. If using i32s, a more technical detail would be that using values greater than or equal to zero has better codegen, because br_tables are unsigned, so a -1 for example would not tablify well with otherwise positive values (it does work, though, but code is not optimal).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** Currently, the switch conditions (case values) are implicitly converted to u32, i.e. switching over strings or similar is not yet supported.
```

I don't understand this part 🙄, and I am not sure if these details are necessary here:
```
 If using i32s in the switch conditions, a more technical detail would be that using values greater than or equal to zero has better codegen, because br_tables are unsigned, so a -1, for example, would not tablify well with otherwise positive values (it does work, though, but code is not optimal).
```

Reviewer 2: Hmm, I suggested this in https://github.com/AssemblyScript/website/pull/2#discussion_r436265041, but if you say it's not helping then I'm fine with keeping this simple.

```editor
#!runtime=half
export function switchSurprise(a: i32): i32 {
  let response = -1;

  // Using a mix of braces and not using braces

>   // To show both syntaxes are supported here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // to show that both syntaxes are supported here.
```

  switch (a) {
    case 1:
      response = 100;
      break;

>     // Cases can also use braces
>     case 2: {
>       response = 200;
>       break;
>     }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    case 2: {   // Cases can also use braces
      response = 200;
      break;
    }
```

    case 3:
      // Fall Through to the next case
    case 4:
      response = 400;
      break;
    default: {
      response = 0;
    }
  }

  return response;
}

#!html
<script>
const log = console.log;
console.log = (...args) => {
  log(...args);
  let str = '';
  args.forEach(arg => {
    if (typeof arg == 'object') {
      str += `${JSON.stringify(arg, null, 2)}<br/>`;
    } else {
      str += `${arg}<br/>`;
    }
  });
  document.body.innerHTML += `<div>Log: ${str}</div>`;
}

loader.instantiate(module_wasm, { /* imports */ })
.then(({ exports }) => {
  console.log(`switchSurprise(1) : ${exports.switchSurprise(1)}`);
  console.log(`switchSurprise(2) : ${exports.switchSurprise(2)}`);
  console.log(`switchSurprise(3) : ${exports.switchSurprise(3)}`);
  console.log(`switchSurprise(4) : ${exports.switchSurprise(4)}`);
  console.log(`switchSurprise(57) : ${exports.switchSurprise(57)}`);
});
</script>
```

> ## Ternary
> 
> Using Ternary in AssemblyScript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Ternary if-else

Using Ternary if-else in AssemblyScript
```

Ternary can have [a lot of meanings](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ternary_operation#:~:text=A%20ternary%20operation%20on%20a%20set%20A%20takes,operator%20is%20an%20operator%20that%20takes%20three%20arguments.). It is better to be exact here 😁
